British English Academy.
C1 listening activity.
Course: C1 Advanced English.
Module 5: Leadership, Policy and Complex Interaction.
Lesson 6: Leadership, Policy and Complex Interaction: Writing Lesson 6.
Listen for precision, register and nuance.
Listen to the writing model. Notice how the answer is organised.
Learning objective: Learners can synthesise, justify, negotiate and adapt register in a writing task about critical thinking.
Today you will practise language connected to critical thinking.
Target language: advanced modality.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise writing for leadership, policy and complex interaction. You will learn useful language connected to critical thinking and practise advanced modality. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at C1 level.